== README

Have you found a thread with very valuable information or documentation you want to keep at hand? Reply in the thread with a summary, tag with #yamoverflow your answer and click on the yamoverflow bookmarklet. Add a question title for easier lookup, and done! You question/answer available forever on Yam Overflow.

=== Configuration
Before using Yam Overflow, you need to perform some preliminary configuration step:

1) Go to https://www.yammer.com/client_applications and click on "Register a new App".

2) Create a new app and make it available in your network. Provide a redirect URI to the place where you will deploy your app.

3) Take note of the CLIENT_SECRET and CLIENT_ID

4) Before starting Yam Overflow, plese set the following environment variables:
- YAMMER_KEY to the value of CLIENT_ID
- YAMMER_SECRET to the value of CLIENT_SECRET
5) Open config/initializers/omniauth.rb and modify OmniAuth.config.full_host = "https://yamoverflow.com" to point to your host.

6) Set the environment variable YAMMER_NETWORK to your Yammer network's id.

7) In public/bookmarklet.js set YAM_OVERFLOW_URL to point to a URL of your version of Yam Overflow which is being used to add a new thread, and YAM_OVERFLOW_TAG to represent the tag name you want to be used to mark threads in Yammer which were exported to Yam Overflow.

=== Disclaimer
This application accesses your Yammer network and let you export threads. We suggest to deploy it only internally inside your company or organization and to avoid public access.
